README.md, before:

# Shades Of Purple color scheme for GtkSourceView compatible apps

## Description

A custom color scheme for GtkSourceView compatible apps such as the Gedit and Xed text editors.

Based on the [Shades Of Purple theme for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ahmadawais.shades-of-purple).

## Installation

- Copy the file `shadesofpurple.xml` located in the `dist` folder in this repository to your GtkSourceView style directory.
  - Typical locations for the GtkSourceView styles directory include:
    - ~/.local/share/gtksourceview-*x.x*/styles/
    - /usr/share/gtksourceview-*x.x*/styles/
    - /usr/share/gnome/gtksourceview-*x.x*/styles/
    - /usr/local/share/gtksourceview-*x.x*/styles/
  - (where *x.x* represents the GtkSourceView version number)
- Open your GtkSourceView app and set the color scheme to Shades Of Purple.
  - For the Xed and Gedit text editors go to Edit > Preferences > Fonts &amp; Colours

## More Info

See language definition files in the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/GNOME/gtksourceview/tree/master/data/language-specs).

Commit message:

Move repo to shades-of-purple-gtksourceview.

README.md, after:

# Shades Of Purple color scheme for GtkSourceView compatible apps

**Please note, this project has moved to [shades-of-purple-gtksourceview
](https://github.com/ahmadawais/shades-of-purple-gtksourceview)**

## Description

A custom color scheme for GtkSourceView compatible apps such as the Gedit and Xed text editors.

Based on the [Shades Of Purple theme for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ahmadawais.shades-of-purple).

## Installation

- Copy the file `shadesofpurple.xml` located in the `dist` folder in this repository to your GtkSourceView style directory.
  - Typical locations for the GtkSourceView styles directory include:
    - ~/.local/share/gtksourceview-*x.x*/styles/
    - /usr/share/gtksourceview-*x.x*/styles/
    - /usr/share/gnome/gtksourceview-*x.x*/styles/
    - /usr/local/share/gtksourceview-*x.x*/styles/
  - (where *x.x* represents the GtkSourceView version number)
- Open your GtkSourceView app and set the color scheme to Shades Of Purple.
  - For the Xed and Gedit text editors go to Edit > Preferences > Fonts &amp; Colours

## More Info

See language definition files in the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/GNOME/gtksourceview/tree/master/data/language-specs).
